If everybody's out there buying
peptides, the pharmaceutical companies
really don't have a way to make money.
That's the whole driving force between
anti-peptide. And of course then then of
course if they do get a patent on a
peptide, which does happen from time to
time, especially when they attach two
peptides together cuz they can say
that's an invention. When that happens,
then peptides are great, but only those
ones. So, it you just have to keep in
mind that there are
billions of dollars being spent on
manipulating the public's opinion on
these things and
pharmaceutical companies have a vested
interest in you not liking peptides and
not liking hormones and thinking what
they do is better and that's just not
true.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hi, my name's John Jaquish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering, which gives
me a unique perspective on all sorts of
things. Today I want to talk about
peptides. So, those of you that have
been following me, I don't make fun of
other people on the internet. If
somebody does something great, I will
say this guy said something great, you
should follow him.
Uh if somebody says something
that's not that great, I don't want to
call them out because it's easy to make
mistakes. There's a lot of conflicting
research out there. It also doesn't mean
people are bad. I don't think uh anyone
should really make fun of anyone. If
you're like a gentleman or just a decent
person. And a lot of people in fitness
are not any of those things. I don't
call anybody out, but
I have been seeing a lot of videos
and this is the one I want to talk about
today and and I I'm not calling anybody
out on purpose,
but I see the same video showing up over
and over again and it is I'm so sick of
these peptide videos
people.
So, they're saying in these videos like
they're tired of
seeing influencers promote peptides or
talk about peptides or acting like
peptides are more than they are or
whatever their problem is,
I would like to encourage them to
maybe just see how things go instead of
complaining about it. And the reason I
think we're in a really good position,
and I mean like as a society,
having peptides
being one of the focal points of the
medical conversation.
Hormones and peptides occur naturally in
the body. Pharmaceuticals that have
patents on them
do not
occur anywhere in nature. They are
Frankenstein molecules created
specifically to some of them
attach to peptide receptor sites and do
certain things or
whatever. As just a general approach for
health, it's always going to be There's
not a lot of times I can say always or
never cuz there's exceptions, but this
is one of those where I I'm I'm really
it I am unable to come up with an
example of where like a peptide fails
and some Frankenstein chemical is going
to be better for you.
And so even though I think a lot of
peptides might be overhyped,
a lot of peptides are being tried by
people who really don't have the
background. I mean, does does some
14-year-old kid really need BPC 157?
Probably not. But is it important
that
as this is going on, I mean, let's say
that there's a kid out there who does
try BPC
157. What's the worst thing that's going
to happen to him? He heals some stuff
that he didn't know no one was even
hurting or injured. There's ways you can
hurt yourself. Insulin is a peptide.
And if you take too much insulin, you
are dead as fried chicken.
So,
these things need to be taken seriously
and taken responsibly, but just from a
philosophical standpoint, you got to
remember that we are in a much better
place if we're talking about our health
and
supplementing and amplifying our health
based on peptides and hormones, that's a
much better conversation than patented
pharmaceuticals. Now, of course, the
pharmaceutical industry is fighting this
trend so hard, which is why you see so
much negative information about it. It's
because if everybody's out there buying
peptides, the pharmaceutical companies
really don't have a way to make money.
And that's what's That's the whole
driving force between
anti-peptide. And of course, then then
of course, if they do get a patent on a
peptide, which does happen from time to
time, especially when they attach two
peptides together cuz they can say
that's an invention. When that happens,
then peptides are great, but only those
ones. So, it you just have to keep in
mind that there are
billions of dollars being spent on
manipulating the public's opinion
on these things and
pharmaceutical companies have a vested
interest in you not liking peptides and
not liking hormones and thinking what
they do is better, and that's just not
true. Now, I'm also not an anti-pharma
zealot.
Yeah, they've done some great things,
but from a philosophical standpoint, I
would much rather the entire industry
focus on replicating things that
naturally happen in the body and and can
control or amplify our health as opposed
to these chemicals not found in nature.
I hope this helped, and I hope if you
got a comment, you can add to the
conversation. Bring research to the
conversation if you have any and want me
to clarify.
>> [music]
>> See you on the next one. If this video
helped you, I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people, especially
if you're one of those people
>> [music]
>> that doesn't just instantly grow from
lifting regular weights.
We've got the answer for you.
>> [music]